doc: update known issues for 2.0.0 release (#7708)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

  The network mode string present in ``deviceInfo`` (nRF Cloud) and ``dev`` (Azure IoT Hub and AWS IoT) JSON objects that is reported to cloud might contain wrong network modes.
  The network mode string contains the network modes that the modem is configured to use, not what the modem actually connects to the LTE network with.

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v1-9-1 v1-9-0
```

Reviewer: This issue has been revolved post `v1.9.1`.

Serial LTE Modem
================

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

NCSDK-13895: Build failure for target Thingy:91 with secure_bootloader overlay
  Building the application for Thingy:91 fails if secure_bootloader overlay is included.

Other issues
============

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v1-9-1 v1-9-0
```

Reviewer: This issue has been resolved as well. CC @tokangas

Reviewer 2: Yes, this issue is valid only with v1.9.0 and v1.9.1.

  The time returned by :ref:`lib_date_time` library becomes incorrect after one week elapses.
  This is due to an issue with clock_gettime() API.

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-3-1 v1-2-1 v1-2-0

Reviewer 3: This issue (NCSDK-12912) has been resolved for NCS 2.0.0 👍

  If a debugger (for example, J-Link) is connected through SWD to the nRF9160, the modem firmware will reset.
  Therefore, the LTE modem cannot be operational during debug sessions.

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0

Reviewer 3: This issue (NCSDK-9441) is resolved for NCS 2.0.0 👍

NCSDK-7234: UART output is not received from the network core
  The UART output is not received from the network core if the application core is programmed and running with a non-secure image (using the ``nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp_ns`` build target).

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0

Reviewer 4: This issue is no more applicable to v2.0.0
```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0
```

  **Workaround:** To fix the error, cherry-pick commits from the upstream `Zephyr PR #29226 <https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/pull/29226>`_.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0

KRKNWK-7962: Logging interferes with shell output
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LOG_MODE_MINIMAL` is configured by default for most OpenThread samples.
  It accesses the UART independently from the shell backend, which sometimes leads to malformed output.

>   **Workaround:** Disable logging or enable a more advanced logging option.

Reviewer 5: That's not true any more. Thread samples use LOG_MODE_DEFFERED by default when logging is enabled.

Author: > Thread samples use LOG_MODE_DEFFERED by default when logging is enabled.

OK, was this change introduced before 2.0.0 or earlier (before 1.9.0 or 1.9.1)?

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0

KRKNWK-7803: Automatically generated libraries are missing otPlatLog for NCP

>   When building OpenThread libraries using a different sample than the :ref:`ot_coprocessor_sample` sample, the :file:`ncp_base.cpp` is not compiled with the :c:func:`otPlatLog` function.

Reviewer 5: I don't thinks it's still valid since we are dropping support for NCP architecture in NCS 2.0.0 release.

Zigbee
======

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

KRKNWK-12937: Activation of Sleepy End Device must be done at the very first commissioning procedure for light switch sample
   After programming the :ref:`Zigbee light switch <zigbee_light_switch_sample>` sample and its first commissioning, Zigbee End Device joins the Zigbee network as a normal End Device. Pressing **Button 3** does not switch the device to the Sleepy End Device configuration.

   **Workaround:** Keep **Button 3** pressed during the first commissioning procedure.

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

Author: Fixed in 2.0.0, as per https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/confluence/display/KRKNWK/Release+notes+and+known+issues+2.0.0 from @maciejpietras

KRKNWK-12522: Incorrect Read Attributes Response on reading multiple attributes when the first attribute is unsupported
   When reading multiple attributes at once and the first one is not supported, the Read Attributes Response contains two records for the first supported attribute.
   The first one record has the Status field filled with Unsupported Attribute whereas the second record contains actual data.

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

Author: Valid, but with a new workaround to use ZBOSS 3.12, as per https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/confluence/display/KRKNWK/Release+notes+and+known+issues+2.0.0 from @maciejpietras -- Maciej, please confirm recommendation to use 3.12 is ok.

Reviewer 6: Issue is still valid for NCS2.0.0 as ZBOSS 3.12 is not there

Author: OK, so I'm removing the workaround about using the development version of ZBOSS.

Zigbee
======

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

> KRKNWK-12937: Activation of Sleepy End Device must be done at the very first commissioning procedure for light switch sample

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
KRKNWK-12937: Activation of Sleepy End Device must be done at the very first commissioning procedure for :ref:`zigbee_light_switch_sample` sample
```

Author: The link is in the description line, so I won't be adding it here.

Zigbee
======

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0

KRKNWK-14024 Fatal error when the network coordinator factory resets in the Identify mode
  A fatal error occurs when the :ref:`Zigbee network coordinator <zigbee_network_coordinator_sample>` triggers factory reset in the Identify mode.

  **Workaround:** Modify your application, so that the factory reset is requested only after the Identify mode ends.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

KRKNWK-12937: Activation of Sleepy End Device must be done at the very first commissioning procedure for Zigbee light switch sample

>    After programming the :ref:`Zigbee light switch <zigbee_light_switch_sample>` sample and its first commissioning, Zigbee End Device joins the Zigbee network as a normal End Device. Pressing **Button 3** does not switch the device to the Sleepy End Device configuration.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
   After programming the :ref:`zigbee_light_switch_sample` sample and its first commissioning, Zigbee End Device joins the Zigbee network as a normal End Device. Pressing **Button 3** does not switch the device to the Sleepy End Device configuration.
```

Author: There is a colon in the raw link, and so I'm removing the colon on purpose by using custom name for the ref.

  #. To increase the scheduler queue size, replace ``XYZ`` next to ``ZB_CONFIG_SCHEDULER_Q_SIZE`` with the value of your choice, ranging from ``48U`` to ``256U``.
  #. To increase the buffer pool size, replace ``XYZ`` next to ``ZB_CONFIG_IOBUF_POOL_SIZE`` with the value of your choice, ranging from ``48U`` to ``127U``.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0

KRKNWK-11826: Zigbee Router does not accept new child devices if the maximum number of children is reached
  Once the maximum number of children devices on a Zigbee Router is reached and one of them leaves the network, the Zigbee Router does not update the flags inside beacon frames to indicate that it cannot accept new devices.

**Workaround**: If the maximum number of child devices has been reached, call ``bdb_start_top_level_commissioning(ZB_BDB_NETWORK_STEERING)`` on the parent router from the ``ZB_ZDO_SIGNAL_LEAVE_INDICATION`` signal handler.

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0

Author: Already done.

KRKNWK-11704: NCP communication gets stuck
  The communication between the SoC and the NCP Host sometimes stops on the SoC side.
  The device neither sends nor accepts incoming packets.
  Currently, there is no workaround for this issue.

.. rst-class:: v1-9-1 v1-9-0

KRKNWK-12522: Incorrect Read Attributes Response on reading multiple attributes when the first attribute is unsupported
   When reading multiple attributes at once and the first one is not supported, the Read Attributes Response contains two records for the first supported attribute.
   The first one record has the Status field filled with Unsupported Attribute whereas the second record contains actual data.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0

> KRKNWK-12017: Zigbee End Device doesn't recover from broken rejoin procedure

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
KRKNWK-12017: Zigbee End Device does not recover from broken rejoin procedure
```

  #. To increase the scheduler queue size, replace ``XYZ`` next to ``ZB_CONFIG_SCHEDULER_Q_SIZE`` with the value of your choice, ranging from ``48U`` to ``256U``.
  #. To increase the buffer pool size, replace ``XYZ`` next to ``ZB_CONFIG_IOBUF_POOL_SIZE`` with the value of your choice, ranging from ``48U`` to ``127U``.

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0

Author: @maciejpietras , input needed for this one, as it is missing from https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/confluence/display/KRKNWK/Release+notes+and+known+issues+2.0.0

Reviewer 6: Sill valid for NCS2.0.0

KRKNWK-11826: Zigbee Router does not accept new child devices if the maximum number of children is reached
  Once the maximum number of children devices on a Zigbee Router is reached and one of them leaves the network, the Zigbee Router does not update the flags inside beacon frames to indicate that it cannot accept new devices.

**Workaround**: If the maximum number of child devices has been reached, call ``bdb_start_top_level_commissioning(ZB_BDB_NETWORK_STEERING)`` on the parent router from the ``ZB_ZDO_SIGNAL_LEAVE_INDICATION`` signal handler.

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0

Author: Fixed in 2.0.0, as per https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/confluence/display/KRKNWK/Release+notes+and+known+issues+2.0.0 from @maciejpietras

  **Workaround:** Call the ``bdb_reset_via_local_action`` function twice to remove all the network information.

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0

Author: @maciejpietras , input needed for this one, as it is missing from https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/confluence/display/KRKNWK/Release+notes+and+known+issues+2.0.0

Reviewer 6: Valid also for NCS2.0.0

Matter (Project CHIP)
=====================

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

Reviewer 8: It is already fixed.

Matter (Project CHIP)
=====================

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0

KRKNWK-14180: The QSPI sleep mode is not handled efficiently in Matter samples on the nRF53 SoC
  QSPI is active during every Bluetooth LE connection in the Matter samples that are programmed on the nRF53 SoC.

>   This results in higher power consumption, for example during commissioning into the Matter network.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
  This results in higher power consumption, for example, during commissioning into the Matter network.
```

Author: This might slightly change the meaning, and besides this usage of for example without the following comma is pretty common in our docs, so I'll skip this edit.

HomeKit
=======

> 

Reviewer 9: To be included:

KRKNWK-14081 HomeKit SDK light bulb example doesn't work with MTD=y  [KRKNWK-14081](https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/jira/browse/KRKNWK-14081) - HomeKit SDK light bulb example doesn't work with MTD=y 
OPEN v2.0.0-1v1.9.1v1.9.0v1.8.0v1.7.1v1.7.0v1.6.1v1.6.0

KRKNWK-13249 Unexpected assertion at line 197 in HAPBLEPeripheralManager.c  [KRKNWK-13249](https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/jira/browse/KRKNWK-13249) - Unexpected assertion at line 197 in HAPBLEPeripheralManager.c 
IN PROGRESS v2.0.0-1v1.9.1v1.9.0

KRKNWK-13607 Stateless switch application crashes upon factory reset  [KRKNWK-13607](https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/jira/browse/KRKNWK-13607) - Stateless switch application crashes upon factory reset 
OPEN v2.0.0

KRKNWK-13010 Dropping from Thread to BLE takes too long  [KRKNWK-13010](https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/jira/browse/KRKNWK-13010) - Dropping from Thread to BLE takes too long
RESOLVED v2.0.0-1v1.9.1v1.9.0v1.8.0v1.7.1v1.7.0v1.6.1v1.6.0

_Workaround:  Specification for TCT030 is going to be updated_

KRKNWK-11729 Wrong Stateless Switch Event characteristic value handling  [KRKNWK-11729](https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/jira/browse/KRKNWK-11729) - Wrong Stateless Switch Event characteristic value handling RESOLVED v2.0.0-1v1.9.1v1.9.0v1.8.0v1.7.1v1.7.0v1.6.1v1.6.0

_Workaround:  Specification in point 11.47 is going to be updated_

Author: Hey @annwoj , would you be able to provide more detailed descriptions for these issues?

Reviewer 9: Updated

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

> KRKNWK-13063: RTT logs do not work with the Light Bulb multiprotocol sample with DFU on nRF52840

Reviewer 9: Fixed in NCS2.0.0

  The Light Bulb multiprotocol sample with Nordic DFU activated in debug version for nRF52840 platform does not display RTT logs properly.

  **Workaround:** Disable RTT logs for the bootloader.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

KRKNWK-13947: Net core downgrade prevention does not work on nRF5340
  HAP certification requirements are not met because of this issue.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

KRKNWK-13064: Nordic DFU is not compliant with HAP certification requirements
  Some of the HAP certification requirements are not met by the Nordic DFU solution.

  **Workaround:** Cherry-pick changes from `PR #332 in sdk-homekit repo`_.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0

> KRKNWK-12474: Multiprotocol samples on nRF52840 might not switch to Thread

Reviewer 9: Fixed in NCS2.0.0

  Samples might not switch to Thread mode as expected and remain in Bluetooth mode instead.
  The issue is related to older iOS versions.

  **Workaround:** Update your iPhone to iOS 15.4.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0

> KRKNWK-13095: Change in KVS key naming scheme causes an error for updated devices

Reviewer 9: Fixed in NCS2.0.0

  A previous implementation allowed for empty key in domain.
  This has been restricted during refactoring.

  **Workaround:** Cherry-pick changes from `PR #329 in sdk-homekit repo`_.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

> KRKNWK-13022: Activating DFU causes increased power consumption

Reviewer 9: Fixed in NCS2.0.0

HomeKit
=======

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0

KRKNWK-14130: Bluetooth LE TX configuration is set to ``0`` dBm by default
  Appropriate TX power configuration for Bluetooth LE and Thread is required.
  Requested TX power relates to power on antenna.
  In case of our multiprotocol samples it is powered after FEM.
  Initial default FEM gain is set to ``10`` dBm for there to be ``0`` at the antenna output, on the SoC it is ``-10`` dBm.
  This results in a weak signal on the SoC itself.

>   **Workaround:** The appropriate dBm values for Bluetooth LE and Thread need to be configured in the source code.

Author: @annwoj , @mariuszpos , this whole issue is unclear to me. Can you help me with rephrasing?

- What is the issue? TX conf being set to 0?
- What is the meaning of "our multiprotocol samples"?
- Where should the appropriate values be configured in source code? What are those values?

Reviewer 10: This issue is connected with change that was made in nRF 802.15.4 Radio Driver:
https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib/commit/da2ea3770ae223dfa4f13b5851642a790edf06a2#diff-61e4b96979a499a50e373580b526208d2174a7be51f1d16af1266b854251ed52R19
What is the issue? TX conf being set to 0?
- Yes, it should be at least 4 dBm for BLE 
What is the meaning of "our multiprotocol samples"?
- In HomeKit we can build samples as BLE only and as multiprotocol (BLE + Thread)  
Where should the appropriate values be configured in source code? What are those values?
- for BLE protocol should be at least 4 dBm and for multiprotocol at least 8 dBm

KRKNWK-13249: Unexpected assertion in HAP Bluetooth Peripheral Manager
  When Bluetooth LE layer emits callback with a connect or disconnect event, one of its parameters is an underlying Bluetooth LE connection object.
  On rare occasions, this connection object is no longer valid by the time it is processed in HomeKit, and this results in assertion.
  There is no proven workaround yet.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0

KRKNWK-14081: HomeKit SDK light bulb example does not not work with MTD
  If the MTD is set to ``y`` in the light bulb sample, user is not able to communicate with the device after it has been added to the Home app using an iPhone and a HomePod Mini.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0

KRKNWK-11729 Stateless switch event characteristic value not handled according to spec in Bluetooth LE mode
  The stateless programmable switch application does not handle the value of the stateless switch event characteristic in the Bluetooth LE mode according to the specification.
  The accessory is expected to return null once the characteristic has been read or after 10 seconds have passed.

>   In the current implementation in the |NCS|, however, the characteristic value does not change to null right after it was read, and changes to null after 5 seconds instead.

Author: @mariuszpos , which of these lines mirrors the current spec?

HomeKit
=======

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0

KRKNWK-14130: Bluetooth LE TX configuration is set to ``0`` dBm by default
  The minimum Bluetooth LE TX configuration required is at least ``4`` dBm.
  For HomeKit multiprotocol samples, this should be ``8`` dBm.
  This results in a weak signal on the SoC itself.

  **Workaround:** You need to configure the appropriate dBm values for Bluetooth LE and Thread manually in the source code.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0

> KRKNWK-14081: HomeKit SDK light bulb example does not not work with MTD

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
KRKNWK-14081: HomeKit SDK light bulb example does not work with MTD
```

  If the MTD is set to ``y`` in the light bulb sample, user is not able to communicate with the device after it has been added to the Home app using an iPhone and a HomePod Mini.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

KRKNWK-13947: Net core downgrade prevention does not work on nRF5340
  HAP certification requirements are not met because of this issue.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0

KRKNWK-13607: Stateless switch application crashes upon factory reset
  When running Thread test suit on the stateless switch application, the CI crashes upon factory reset.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

KRKNWK-13249: Unexpected assertion in HAP Bluetooth Peripheral Manager
  When Bluetooth LE layer emits callback with a connect or disconnect event, one of its parameters is an underlying Bluetooth LE connection object.
  On rare occasions, this connection object is no longer valid by the time it is processed in HomeKit, and this results in assertion.
  There is no proven workaround yet.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0

> KRKNWK-11729 Stateless switch event characteristic value not handled according to spec in Bluetooth LE mode

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
KRKNWK-11729 Stateless switch event characteristic value not handled according to the specification in Bluetooth LE mode
```

  The stateless programmable switch application does not handle the value of the stateless switch event characteristic in the Bluetooth LE mode according to the specification.
  According to the specification, the accessory is expected to return null once the characteristic has been read or after 10 seconds have passed.

>   In the current implementation in the |NCS|, the characteristic value does not change to null right after it was read, and changes to null after 5 seconds instead.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
  In the current |NCS| implementation, the characteristic value does not change to null immediately after it is read, and changes to null after 5 seconds instead.
```

Author: Kept the first part unchanged, rest applied.

nRF Desktop
===========

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0

Reviewer 11: Fixed in NCS 2.0

nRF Desktop
===========

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

NCSDK-8304: HID configurator issues for peripherals connected over Bluetooth® LE to Linux host

>   Using :ref:`nrf_desktop_config_channel_script` for peripherals connected to host directly over Bluetooth LE may result in receiving improper HID feature report ID.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
  Using :ref:`nrf_desktop_config_channel_script` for peripherals connected to host directly over Bluetooth LE might result in receiving improper HID feature report ID.
```

  **Workaround:** Change ``pwm_pin_set_cycles`` to ``pwm_pin_set_usec`` in function :c:func:`led_pwm_set_brightness` in Zephyr's driver :file:`led_pwm.c` file.

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

Reviewer 11: Fixed in NCS 2.0

  **Workaround:** Execute the flash command from inside the build directory of the child image that is placed on the other core (for example, :file:`build/hci_rpmsg`).

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0

> NCSDK-11234: Statically defined "pcd_sram" partition may cause ARM usage fault

Reviewer 12: This is fixed.

Multiprotocol Service Layer (MPSL)
==================================

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0

Reviewer 13: NCSIDB-731 is fixed for NCS 2.0.0
```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0
```

NCSIDB-731: :ref:`timeslot_sample` crashes when calling kernel APIs from zero latency interrupts
  Calling kernel APIs is not allowed from zero latency interrupts.

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0

Reviewer 13: DRGN-17014 is fixed for NCS 2.0.0
```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0
```

Multiprotocol Service Layer (MPSL)
==================================

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0

> DRGN-16642: If radio notifications on ACTIVE are used, MPSL may assert

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
DRGN-16642: If radio notifications on ACTIVE are used, MPSL might assert
```

>   When radio notifications are used with :c:enumerator:`MPSL_RADIO_NOTIFICATION_TYPE_INT_ON_ACTIVE` or :c:enumerator:`MPSL_RADIO_NOTIFICATION_TYPE_INT_ON_BOTH`, MPSL may assert.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
  When radio notifications are used with :c:enumerator:`MPSL_RADIO_NOTIFICATION_TYPE_INT_ON_ACTIVE` or :c:enumerator:`MPSL_RADIO_NOTIFICATION_TYPE_INT_ON_BOTH`, MPSL might assert.
```

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0

DRGN-15979: :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CLOCK_CONTROL_NRF_K32SRC_RC_CALIBRATION` must be set when :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CLOCK_CONTROL_NRF_K32SRC_RC` is set
  MPSL requires RC clock calibration to be enabled when the RC clock is used as the Low Frequency clock source.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0

DRGN-14153: Radio Notification power performance penalty
  The Radio Notification feature has a power performance penalty proportional to the notification distance.
  This means an additional average current consumption of about 600 µA for the duration of the radio notification.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0

KRKNWK-8842: MPSL does not support nRF21540 revision 1 or older
  The nRF21540 revision 1 or older is not supported by MPSL.
  This also applies to kits that contain this device.

>   **Workaround:** Check nordicsemi.com for the latest information on availability of the product version of nRF21540.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Check the `Nordic Semiconductor website`_ for the latest information on availability of the product version of nRF21540.
```

Author: Nice.

KRKNWK-11384: Assertion with Bluetooth® LE and multiprotocol usage
  The device might assert on rare occasions during the use of Bluetooth® LE and 802.15.4 multiprotocol.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0

KRKNWK-11204:
  Transmitting the 802.15.4 frame with improperly populated Auxiliary Security Header field might result in assert.

  **Workaround:** Make sure that you populate the Auxiliary Security Header field according to the IEEE Std 802.15.4-2015 specification, section 9.4.

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0

Reviewer 4: This is not applicable anymore. The CSMA-CA is not included in the build when opensource SL is selected.
```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0
```

In addition to the known issues listed here, see also :ref:`softdevice_controller_limitations` for permanent limitations.

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

Reviewer 13: DRGN-17110 is fixed for NCS 2.0.0
```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v1-9-1 v1-9-0
```

DRGN-17110: Wrong address type in the LE Periodic Advertising Sync Established event when the Periodic Advertiser List is used to establish a synchronization.
  The SoftDevice Controller sometimes does not set the address type when the Periodic Advertiser List is used to establish a synchronization to a Periodic Advertiser.

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

Reviewer 13: DRGN-17110 is fixed for NCS 2.0.0
```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v1-9-1 v1-9-0
```

DRGN-17110: The Advertiser Address Type in the LE Periodic Advertising Sync Established event is not set to 0x02 or 0x03, even if the advertiser's address was resolved (DRGN-17110).
  In the case the address is resolved, the reported address type is still set to 0x00 or 0x01.

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0

Reviewer 13: DRGN-16859 is fixed for NCS 2.0.0
```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0
```

Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M)
*************************

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0

NCSDK-11195: Build errors when enabling :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BUILD_WITH_TFM` option
  Configuring the BUILD_WITH_TFM configuration in SES project configuration or using ``west -t menuconfig`` results in build errors.

  **Workaround:** Set ``CONFIG_BUILD_WITH_TFM=y`` in project configuration file (:file:`prj.conf`) or through west command line (``west build -- -DCONFIG_BUILD_WITH_TFM=y``).

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

> NCSDK-13530: TF-M minimal build has increased in size

Reviewer 14: This is fixed for 2.0.0, back to 32KB.

Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M)
*************************

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0

> NCSDK-15443: TF-M cannot be booted by MCUBoot without :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_CLEANUP_ARM_CORE` enabled in MCUBoot

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
NCSDK-15443: TF-M cannot be booted by MCUboot without enabling :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_CLEANUP_ARM_CORE` in MCUboot
```

>   TF-M cannot be booted by MCUBoot unless MCUboot cleans up the ARM hardware state to reset values before booting TF-M.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
  TF-M cannot be booted by MCUboot unless MCUboot cleans up the ARM hardware state to reset values before booting TF-M.
```

>   **Workaround:** Upgrade MCUBoot with :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_CLEANUP_ARM_CORE` enabled or keep :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SPM` enabled in the application.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Upgrade MCUboot with :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_CLEANUP_ARM_CORE` enabled or keep :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SPM` enabled in the application.
```

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0

NCSDK-15382: TF-M uses more RAM compared to SPM in the minimal configuration

>   TF-M uses 64 KB of RAM, compared to SPM which used 32 KB of RAM, in the minimal configuration.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
  TF-M uses 64 KB of RAM, compared to SPM, which uses 32 KB of RAM, in the minimal configuration.
```

  **Workaround:** Free up memory in the application if needed or keep :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SPM` enabled in the application.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0

NCSDK-15379: TF-M does not support FP Hard ABI
  TF-M does not support enabling the Float Point Hard Application Binary Interface configuration enabled with :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FP_HARDABI`.

  **Workaround:** Use :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FP_SOFTABI` or keep :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SPM` enabled in the application.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0

NCSDK-15345: TF-M does not support non-secure partitions in external flash

>   Configuring a non-secure partition in external flash, such as non-secure storage or MCUBoot secondary partition, is not supported by TF-M.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
  TF-M does not support configuring a non-secure partition in external flash, such as non-secure storage or MCUboot secondary partition.
```

  Partitions that TF-M will attempt to configure as non-secure are: ``tfm_nonsecure``, ``nonsecure_storage``, and ``mcuboot_secondary``.

  **Workaround:** Do not put non-secure partitions in external flash or keep :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SPM` enabled in the application.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0

NCSDK-12483: Missing debug symbols
  Some debug symbols are missing sometimes.

>   **Workaround:** Add the following text in the application :file:`CMakeLists.txt` file: ``zephyr_link_libraries(-Wl,--undefined=my_missing_debug_symbol)``.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Add the text ``zephyr_link_libraries(-Wl,--undefined=my_missing_debug_symbol)`` in the application :file:`CMakeLists.txt` file.
```

NCSDK-13949: TF-M Secure Image copies FICR to RAM on nRF9160
  TF-M Secure Image copies the FICR to RAM address between ``0x2003E000`` and ``0x2003F000`` during boot on nRF9160.

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

Reviewer 14: Fixed for 2.0.0

NCSDK-12306: Enabling debug configuration causes usage fault on nRF9160
  When the debug configuration :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE_DEBUG` is enabled, a usage fault is triggered during boot on nRF9160.

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0

Reviewer 14: Fixed for 2.0.0

Zephyr
******

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

Reviewer 2: This issue is fixed in v2.0.0.
```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v1-9-1 v1-9-0
```

Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M)
*************************

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-0

Reviewer 14: This one will now be fixed for the release. But it applies to earlier release.
```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0
```

SEGGER Embedded Studio Nordic Edition
*************************************

.. note::
    SEGGER Embedded Studio Nordic Edition support has been deprecated with the |NCS| v2.0.0 release.

>     The |VSC| is now the default IDE for the |NCS|.

Reviewer 15: ```suggestion
    |VSC| is now the default IDE for the |NCS|.
```

>     See the `Migrating IDE`_ page in the |VSC| documentation for information about how to migrate.

Reviewer 16: May be:
```suggestion
    See the `migrating from other IDEs to VS Code <Migrating IDE_>`_ page in the |VSC| documentation for information about how to migrate.
```
